docs: first indexer cheat sheet version (#3433)
jina-ai/jina: docs/advanced/experimental/indexers-cheat-sheet.md

> # Indexers on Jina Hub

Reviewer: This is the same name as another chapter here

The [Jina Hub](hub.jina.ai) offers multiple Indexers for different use-cases.
There are four major questions that should be answered, when deciding for an Indexer and its configuration.

> In a lot of production use-cases Indexers heavily use {ref}`shards <./scaling/shards>` and {ref}`replicas <./scaling/replicas>`

Reviewer: I don't think this is the correct syntax. The part between `<>` needs to be the id of another section. Like, e.g. https://github.com/jina-ai/jina/blob/660cb3e8b9deba9826b3f7a5d29b2c99b4cf6776/docs/fundamentals/document/documentarraymemmap-api.md#L73 and then you use it like https://github.com/jina-ai/jina/blob/660cb3e8b9deba9826b3f7a5d29b2c99b4cf6776/docs/fundamentals/document/documentarraymemmap-api.md#L69

Author: I thought cross-file you need to link the file as well. I'll change it.

## Does my data fit into memory?

> What is your estimated total number `N` of Documents, that you want to index?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is your estimated total number `N` of Documents that you want to index?
```

What is the average size `x` of a Document?
Does `N * x` fit into memory?

## How many requests per second (RPS) does the system need to handle?

RPS is typically used for knowing how big to scale distributed systems.

> Depending on your use-case you might have completely different RPS expectations.

Reviewer 2: rps actually depends on how many requests the indexers can handle in parallel. I don't think it is directly related to the indexer.

Author: Jina Executors can never handle requests in parallel. So when you need a certain throughput, you need to consider your indexer configuration.

## What latency do your users expect?

Latency is typically measured via the p95 or p99 [percentile](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Percentile).

```{admonition}
:class: tip

A webshop might want a really low latency in order to increase user experience.
A high-quality Q&A chatbot might be OK with having answers only after one or even several seconds.
```

## Do you need instant failure recovery?

> When running any service in the cloud, it might always happen that the underlying machine gets killed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running any service in the cloud, an underlying machine could die at any time.
```

Usually, a new machine will spawn and take over.
Anyhow, this might take some minutes.
If you need instant failure recovery, you need to use replicas.
Jina provides this via the [FaissPostgresSearcher](https://hub.jina.ai/executor/nflcyqe2) in combination with {ref}`replicas <./scaling/replicas>` inside {ref}`kubernetes (k8s) <./kubernetes>`.

> | Index Size | RPS | Latency p95 | Best Indexer | configuration |

Reviewer: What is the difference between the last two entries?

Reviewer 2: The final choice = `best indexer` + `configuration`

Author: If it 
- either does not fit into memory and you need some RPS 
- or need a small latency
you should do ...

Reviewer: Ah ok. Maybe explain how you would read that table if you are a user

Author: I reformatted the table and think it is better understandable now.

# Indexer Cheat Sheet

The [Jina Hub](http://hub.jina.ai) offers multiple Indexers for different use-cases.
In a lot of production use-cases Indexers heavily use {ref}`shards <shards>` and {ref}`replicas <replicas>`.
There are four major questions that should be answered, when deciding for an Indexer and its configuration.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

## Questions

```
